                           Program USBPROG_TEST
                               17 Aug 2008

usbprog_test [options]

Production test program for Embed Inc PIC programmers.  The full
production test procedure for Embed Inc PIC programmers are described in
separate documents for each programmer type.  These documentation files
are named <progname>_test, where <progname> is replaced by the name of the
specific programmer.  For example, the documentation file describing the
USBProg test procedure is named "usbprog_test".

This document only describes the USBPROG_TEST program.  In normal
production use the USBPROG_TEST program would not be run directly.
Separate menu entries exist for each programmer type to run the
USBPROG_TEST program with parameters suitable for that programmer.  The
menu entries are START > PROGRAMS > EMBED INC > PRODUCTION TESTS >
programmer-name.

The USBPROG_TEST command line options are:

  -PROG type

       Specifies the type of programmer to be tested.  The current options
       are USBPROG, USBPROG2, and LPROG.  The default is USBPROG.

  -BOARD version

       Indicates the circuit board version number of the units to test.
       This may be ignored depending on programmer type.  The board name
       and version are written in copper, usually near a corner or edge of
       the board.  The version number is the digits following the board
       name.

       For example, the USBProg boards are named EUSB.  The string "EUSB3"
       etched in copper indicates version 3 of these boards.  On these
       particular boards, this is written in the lower right corner.  On
       some boards, the board name and version number are on the back,
       such as on the LPRG2 boards of the LProg programmer.

       The default is 1, which is unlikely to be correct for production
       units.

  -PROTO version

       This option is used to specify that a particular prototype version
       is being tested, as apposed to a production version.  This option
       should only be used by engineering.  The default is version 0,
       which always indicates the production version.

       For example, this option is required for some engineering versions
       of the LProg programmer using board version 2 (LPRG2).  These were
       loaded with 18F2550 control processors instead of the 18F2455
       processors that production units are loaded with.  The versions
       with 18F2550 processors are designated prototype version 1.
